DOCS-2766: Document primary accounts (#1896)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/my-account/create-account/_index.md

{{< /mermaid >}}
&nbsp;  

All account types represent a single legal entity, but can support multiple bank accounts and users with their own login credentials and permissions.

## Creating an account

You can create a live account and start the [onboarding process](/getting-started/go-live/) straight away.

Or, you may want to first create a test account. This is a free account where you can build and test your integration, explore payment features, and process test transactions. You can then onboard your account to start processing real payments. 

**1.** Fill out the relevant signup form: 

|   |  |  | 
|---|---|---|
| Merchant account | [Live signup form](https://merchant.multisafepay.com/signup) | [Test signup form](https://testmerchant.multisafepay.com/signup) |
| Partner/primary account | [Live signup form](https://merchant.multisafepay.com/signup?partner) | [Test signup form](https://testmerchant.multisafepay.com/signup?partner) |

You receive an email containing your **security code**. 

**2.** Use your security code to sign in to your account: 

- [Live account](https://merchant.multisafepay.com/) 
- [Test account](https://testmerchant.multisafepay.com/) 

> **3.** Live accounts open by default to the onboarding steps page. You can navigate away from this page, and return to it via the button under **Alert**.

Author: ```suggestion
**3.** Live accounts open by default to the onboarding steps page. You can navigate away from this page, and return to it via the account home page. Under **Alert**, click **Go to account activation steps**.
```
